This is a head gum original.
All right, I'm going to click on one of these and hope it's the show intro because
I can't tell you what you want much button it is.
All right.
Nope.
Okay.
It's not labeled like intro.
That was intro dash music.
So I always met Jeff.
Jeff had all these sound effects labeled as if they were the zodiacs code.
Yeah.
It's kind of like that, yeah.
I think I found it.
That is it.
We know that.
What was that one we played well actually in the end?
Head gum podcast intro.
No.
Okay.
That's awesome.
Well, it's in a separate.
There's two sections to Jeff Soundboard.
One is favorites and one is uploaded.
And then I checked upload it.
And obviously that's where it was.
So I'll just have to remember that.
And he did say to have both open.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
Can you kind of go over the instructions you get?
Can you read the email?
Yeah.
I haven't shared the screen.
I won't share the screen.
But I will go through line by line of what I was given.
We should say.
Welcome to that gump podcast.
Jeff is not here.
He's kind of left us high and dry as it were.
He's in Kentucky doing God knows what.
And I received an email last night at like around 930 p.m.
Saying hello dash way too formal.
Attaching the outline for tomorrow's episode here.
As per discussion, you'll be stepping in as the de facto me.
And then there's an attachment a PDF attachment of his outline.
Don't know why it's PDF.
And he gave me the login to his soundboard.
But as we all know, Jeff's soundboard is publicly available on the internet.
So I just use that link and didn't log in using his password.
That is definitely his password for other things besides this.
So good work.
Thank you.
I won't do that.
It's a character.
Yeah, let's see if we can guess it.
We'll bleep it out if we get it right.
Oh.
Oh, is it Jeff?
I knew it.
It is not.
I guess we could do intros.
Even though that doesn't really happen anymore.
But the first line item on this outline is intro for the first five minutes.
I also don't have a timer up which could prove to be a problem.
But you know, whatever.
Does he usually?
I think so solely because sometimes he's like, we have to move on to this thing at this time mark.
And he did list out times.
I've been rolling for five minutes.
Yeah.
That feels correct.
It feels crazy listening back to some of these episodes knowing that there was a plan that was down to the minute.
In fact, I would agree.
I agree.
What else does that play?
Well, like what would it show be like if there was no.
Yeah.
More chaos.
Do you guys know what Jeff is doing in Kentucky?
He's been there for almost a month.
More chaos back.
He's learning to horseback ride.
Did he give us a heads up or he's like, can't do that.
He wanted to, he wanted to be in the derby next year.
No.
He didn't give us a heads up.
He doesn't have a friend in Kentucky to race in the Kentucky Derby.
Why are you telling me this?
Tell Jeff.
I can't.
The Kentucky.
He has no service.
Has jockies?
Yeah.
I know if it was that or just the horse running on their own.
We know where to go.
Yeah.
You're thinking of dog racing.
I'm super thinking of crayon racing.
Anyway.
What's the whole thing?
It's.
I'm America.
Amir's here bringing up the rear.
Mm-hmm.
KC's on the facts.
Yeah.
An onus on the sacks.
It's pretty good.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So far we don't miss them at all.
I'm kind of especially.
Yeah.
We're only six.
Six minutes in.
Yeah.
I should say before I really get into it.
There is the bottom of this outline.
A highlighted section titled tips for hosting.
And I will take them to heart.
The first one is cut people off at your leisure slash pleasure.
If you find your own faces red, cut to break.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
When in doubt, make a pun off something a guest just said.
Lean on the soundboard to put in funny moments through.
In general act incredulously put out by your own show slash the guests.
I feel like I'd be better at the soundboard one if I knew what all of these were.
But yeah.
Look at that.
It's kind of the wash.
Yeah.
That's good.
Thank you.
Let's try out your skills.
Let's maybe talk about something.
And then if someone says something funny, hit us.
Yeah.
We are in the wax portion.
Oh, he has the whole episode outline.
Yes.
So how long is the wax portion?
Yeah.
We can cut kind of from the top because I've like a meaning.
I mean, I think that there's a few things.
The wax portion is technically 15 minutes.
And I'm fine with cutting one of the segments at the end of that, which happens to be
Marika's brothers.
This feels kind of pointless right now.
But yeah, what's everyone been up to?
What's dating like in LA?
I've got a great chef question.
Well, I could tell you a mirror's engaged on your lives with her boyfriend.
And I haven't been on a date in several months.
That's what it's like over here.
Oh, shit.
Oh, that was good.
That was really good, actually.
Nice.
Thank you.
Do you use that random one here?
Was that on purpose?
I did it on purpose, but very quickly because the first thing I saw was oh shit.
I was going to do the clap one, but I saw that clap.
That's not meaner.
That felt mean.
That feels mean.
The clap would have felt a very Jeff of you.
Yeah.
Casey and I became regular as a bar last week as I was.
Whoa.
That's how you become well.
Well, we won the right.
And I went back and then they were like, where's on you?
And I said, I don't know.
Oh, so you guys both went once.
And then Casey went a second time and they're like, where's on you?
Yeah.
So I think we are regular.
So I think that qualifies.
Do we dare say where it is?
Or is that two personal slash?
I don't want people blown up our spot.
But it is a cool place named for animal.
The roost.
God.
Oh, it's not named for an animal.
I guess.
Is an animal.
But the roost is not an animal.
Right.
Well, you come home to roost.
Yeah.
That feels like that could be a Jeff phrase.
We should not add that into the script.
Just the roost.
Like, come in home to roost.
Feels like something he's going to start saying at some point.
Jeff would do something like, come and home to roost.
I'm coming home to roost.
Oh, that's good.
Did you hear that sound?
It was the word of the day or something.
Yeah.
The word of the day is Jeff.
Interesting.
So congrats to Casey.
I'm not going to Venmo you though.
Okay.
It's also time for bond of the week.
And I have one specifically selected.
It's Mark D. Jansen.
The CEO of Blue Diamond Growers because it's time for a James almond.
Right.
Any questions or no, we got it.
No.
All right.
On you.
Who's your bond of the week?
You're becoming Jeff.
The more you host this show.
Don't you realize?
I don't like your power in her eyes.
Whatever is happening is fucking contagious.
Yeah.
We all hate being on the show unless we're hosting.
And we break it up in the best times.
The major killer.
Have the power at hand in the soundboard in your browser.
And you'll be a god of sorts.
Did you read that or see that?
I just said it.
It just came out.
I don't have a god.
You're fucking me coming, Jeff.
I'm fucking scared.
Yeah.
Because then he's going to come back.
He's going to be too old.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
Do you like to make up her power me?
I see.
We're going to be editing your face to look more like Jeff's throughout the episode.
God with a eye.
Yeah.
Any other bonds of the weeks?
Jimmy Butler.
Jimmy Buffett.
Because this name is already sort of James Bond.
Same with James Buffett.
Yeah.
Jimmy James Butler, Bondler.
It's all sort of a shame.
Imagine.
James Butler, Bondler.
Yes.
Third.
Exactly.
Do you think the series would be as successful as his name was Bondler?
The name is Bondler.
James Bondler.
James Pass.
Casey.
My Bond of the week is Shikilo Neil.
Another buzz.
He's a basketball player.
And he's a spokesman for Gold Bond Powder.
Hello.
That's pretty good.
We need it.
Yeah.
That's pretty good.
It was kind of looking for one.
And I really don't have to turn these off.
So.
There we go.
Because Jeff, what Jeff normally does is he'll hit the button first.
It'll be the wrong.
He'll hit the right.
And then he'll cut it off with the plies.
Oh, yeah.
We're going to get used to that.
Yeah.
You know, like, trying to make the muscle memory of.
I've made it.
It's a lot of just like scrolling up and down.
Yeah.
It's week five of the WGA strike.
Oh, we're late.
You get the bond of the week.
Oh, I thought you gave Jimmy Buffett.
Oh, great.
Do you want another one?
No, it's fine.
I was going to be the waitress from the roost.
Oh, I'm now a regular.
We're soon.
I don't know if I like get shaken or stirred.
Ooh.
My understanding.
Uh, yeah, Los Feliz.
Off Los Feliz both are right on the street from the big foot lodge.
Come on out, folks.
You're really going to burst that.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, this just says discussed WGA strike week five.
Um, still going strong.
Yeah.
That's what we were great.
Real quick.
Just I looked up the roost and it said it's an unpretentious pub with a jukebox and tie on trays.
That's right.
Are you had the tie food there?
I have not.
I have.
And whoa, what's the like it's just a bar.
A dive bar would just pad see you.
Have you never been with a roost?
It's a dive bar that was bought by like a tie couple.
And so they make their food there.
Do they have pads to you?
Yeah.
And are people having it at the bar?
I don't see a lot of people ordering.
I love this place.
And I'm going to give it a no comment on the food.
Got it.
It's a casual bar.
Wow.
Cash only bar, but they have like pad tie.
Yeah, you can pay for the food with a credit card.
But if you want to beer, you have to pay cash.
Okay.
Are there licenses in order?
Do we think?
They serve alcohol or there must be some sort of a.
I just feel like.
They're like this is let's let's keep things separate.
Yeah.
Food, drinks, drinks.
Sure.
Well, it's always a cash only bar for a used to also be like even
beer.
Then it is now.
It's pretty clean these days at the roost.
Come on.
Bye.
Catch me there.
Today.
When you hear this.
Have you had the chicken wings?
We have to move on.
I was going.
That's fine.
Just a quick yes or no.
No.
But we did open the chicken tenders.
I didn't use.
And they were good.
We went with Mike Mitchell.
He ordered.
Got it.
I think it's good.
But I'll take it.
Which I think is smart.
Right.
They don't need the time.
They read the room.
They say what do these people want?
Yeah.
To why the type of you that I want?
In the summer.
They put it.
They have like a back patio.
But it's just like a folding table in the parking lot.
Yeah.
And there's such like curry.
I went out of my first date there.
My friend.
Which he said was there.
Was that there?
No.
Did you do that in front of me?
I told you this the other day.
And you said it was.
You would never take a date there.
A first date.
Yeah.
To the roost.
The cash only bar.
Which I thought was a perfect first date.
It's good.
Yeah.
Where are you going?
How was your trip?
Yeah.
Speaking of cash.
I didn't get a single cash conversion.
When I went to London.
Only use my card.
It's great.
It used to be the biggest thing in international travel.
You got to like get the currency early and like make an appointment with a bank.
And like exchange it at a good rate and call your phone calling your bank.
To tell them you're going out of the country.
International travel.
Now it's just like, yeah, I'm in London.
I'm just using the same card as always and they'll deal with it later.
It was delightful.
I had a great time.
Saw a lot of faves.
Saw six shows.
Six shows and how many days?
Five.
Four.
Three.
That's a lot.
Everyone's a lot.
Every night.
Yeah.
Once.
Once too.
Saw.
A lot of long shows too.
Isn't one of them?
Paul six.
There is a show called six.
I didn't see that on my trip there.
But I didn't see her.
Was the goal of your trip to see all these shows?
Yes.
Wow.
Originally I made the trip to, all right.
I booked the trip because they announced that Groundhog Day.
The musical was coming back to England.
So my favorite shows.
Saw four times on Broadway.
It was like, that'll be fun.
If I go to this, I miss this show.
But it took it when they went on sale.
Didn't have tickets to London.
And then as it kept getting closer to the date, they kept announcing more shows.
So there was like, I really want to see this.
There's like a broke back mountain play.
Starting Lucas hedges and Mike Feist.
Got to take it for that.
What was my mom's boyfriend?
He was in the play a little life.
Oh, right.
Based off of the book.
I mean, you have a question.
Are you waving at a question?
He's doing one of these, which is crazy.
Yeah.
This is, this is a stupid question.
But I bet nobody here knows the answer to.
So I'm already getting pre-matted.
You guys were calling it a stupid question.
You called it that.
Yeah.
You got to London to see the plays.
Are the actors British follow up to all the characters have British accents?
Or are they British actors playing Americans in the play?
Well, I'm here.
Depends on the play.
But I can do a rundown for you.
We've got Cabaret.
That's a bevy of accents.
Most of them were British.
Some doing one doing an American accent.
That was very bad.
Some doing British accents.
Some doing German accents.
I actually saw the movie Cabaret over the pandemic.
It's very, very good.
That's very good.
It's one of my favorite.
One of my favorite musicals.
Kind of.
What about new back?
British dudes.
broke back was two American actors.
Lucas hedges.
Ben is back.
I don't know.
Manchester by the sea.
Lucas hedges.
American too, right?
Yeah.
Manchester's fucking England as well.
You're all over the place.
Manchester by the sea is Boston area.
But sure.
Go on.
Mike Feist American.
They went to the Western to do the show.
They're doing American accents.
The rest of the cast British.
Doing American accents.
That were hit or miss.
The other way around.
But rarely an entire play were British.
Yeah.
British guys doing American accent.
Well, a little life.
Set a New York.
All of them doing American accents.
All but one of them British.
How was his accent?
What's his name?
James.
James Norton.
The light of my life.
Star of Grandchester.
The television show.
Grandchester.
The sea.
Yep.
And that's what they did.
Yeah.
His accent was great.
He was so good.
Very depressing show.
He's my mom.
Yeah.
Just cute.
We send photos.
I sent photos through on.
Yeah.
Of him to get his mom.
Her mom's opinion on him.
And she's just like.
Oh.
He said.
Um.
So that was fun.
He's in his 30s.
I was really depressing show.
You know, the book a little life.
It's about a lot of traumatic events.
And very dark.
It's pretty dark.
There's a lot of, there's like.
It attempts and.
And new to do in the show.
I had to walk away my phone.
Because I'm a young people are a nude and a yonder bag.
Because a bunch of people are nude.
And I was sitting on stage.
Um, I'm just for you to a private part.
Pretty pretty close.
Wow.
Yeah.
Where do you allow?
I didn't have to.
Was I allowed?
Yeah.
He's a very construct.
Oh, sorry, everybody.
I'm so inspired.
I too wanted the nude on stage.
She did it for my mom.
She's in this one for Yelena.
We're in a car.
Tackled instead.
Make it.
Which is crazy.
Chopped forever.
The cops are also naked.
Yeah.
This is a dream you had.
Hey, can't get in the yard.
Yeah, I don't.
I don't.
Definitely.
This wouldn't be something like this.
Like, yeah, this is.
It's all your things lined up.
I feel like it can't be real.
Yeah, my face is red.
So I am going to cut to break.
to break.
I don't know where the end we're back.
Soundtakers.
Bam.
And we're back.
Before we get into.
Sorry.
Remember, people used to say that about London.
What's that?
The mood was bad.
Oh, there we go.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, you really broke character to talk about London.
But yeah, really bad.
Yeah, really bad.
Food, food great.
How do great time went to Nando's.
How does she can Nando's.
Went to one of my favorite restaurants.
Cricket.
Um.
Fish and chips.
What are the like chipies?
A bottle of Nando's.
Is it?
Have you even been to the UK?
Oh, Nando's.
Well, I never ever considered that.
No, I do.
That's how you do a fucking British accent.
Not like these messed up actors who can't pull it off.
Exactly.
That's that's why I'm here.
Ask that question.
He was just waiting for someone to sell him up to do his last.
Have me on stage.
He's.
You'd be streaking doing a better accent.
Yeah.
Let's get into the news of the week.
AI poses risk of extinction industry leaders Warren.
I saw that.
News.
So I make it.
Whoa.
Right.
Um.
Why make it?
Why did.
Oppenheimer make the bomb.
You know.
Exactly.
Follow the money.
Uh.
It says here.
Expl Stop The
Weak.
Did you know that?
Is it thanks for sending it.
That way.
Yeah.
Just go
There's a link if you like to be on.
There's a ghost and I go
You ssnes mouth.
I'll just punch my legs and balls.
Hand them out to my friends and then
whinns, and say this poses the risk of diarrhea.
Is that related to the AI or
Art, set a like an eight note that Jeff wrote for you.
I think it should have been crammed us, right?
It's kind of lead.
And your careers were kind of leading up to that point?
Yeah, it should have been an inside joke true.
Instead, it was like a family name or something.
I do think that if Jeff was hosting,
he asked that none of us would participate.
We want to give him that sort of positive reinforcement.
We didn't really dig into the AI thing.
I sort of read up on that.
No, we did.
Casey was like, I'm a big fan of Oppenheimer's work.
And I said, oh yeah, he did.
Pro bomb.
Yeah.
Just put several words in my mouth.
You're not that guy, pal.
Trust me.
You're not that guy.
Anyway.
Did you know that?
I told you to be heartthrob of Route 66 is dead at 94.
Who?
Sorry.
But who?
I don't know.
George Maharas.
All right, Pete.
There's also the new segment.
So what?
Which, I guess, I'll just say things.
And then you respond.
So what?
Okay.
Haley and Justin Bieber get cheeky on vacation
and south of France from people.
So yeah.
A prominent Boise coffee shop for years.
The Starbucks has closed.
Lied of the statesman.
Starbucks.
This Starbucks.
I've got it.
Just a random Starbucks.
Just a random one.
You're right.
Yeah.
Beer on ice is fine.
Sometimes.
From the tasting table.
Yeah.
That's a good.
So what?
Well, I want to hear more, actually.
That's like a dive bar thing.
If you go to like a real dive bar during your day.
There's old men drinking beer on ice with a straw.
Sounds delightful.
It's like going to that day.
Beer on ice or beer piping hot.
It's your choice.
I like that.
Cruise passenger vanishes after falling overboard.
Off Florida coast from the Idaho statesmen.
Why was he only reading the.
I don't know news.
Yeah.
There are a few from there.
I also have a lot of it.
So well.
Yeah.
I'm interested in that as well.
At least for Ben Wall Blanc to solve.
Wow.
Very true.
Nice or twin.
I'm really scared of cruise ships.
If you've ever been on the cruise ships death website.
I'm sure they're covering this extensively.
Because that's a website that exists.
I've never been on a cruise.
Never.
Me neither.
I had to go on one for work.
It was bad.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
My room had no windows.
Terrifying.
Yeah.
My job has been keeps calling our son a nerd.
From a slate.
Very good.
It was so what?
So what?
That's sad.
Okay.
I'm team.
I'm son.
It's time for our first segment.
Yeah.
That.
I'm nervous about.
Because it says Riceburn.
Yeah.
It's 10 minutes long.
We all have to make it that long.
And there's lyrics here.
So.
I guess I have to sing a song now.
And say it.
Not a 10 minutes long.
It's a song segment.
Jeff has written a song.
He says sing the song.
Then ask for feedback.
If anyone pushes back.
Come back.
The rice is hard at them.
Personal tax etc.
Don't let anyone tell you the song ain't good.
Which is kind of.
It's like he wrote it.
So obviously he's going to say that.
But I am sight reading this.
And I honestly, I did look up.
When he sent me this email.
I did look up the song.
And I opened the karaoke track.
And he immediately faced.
I mean, was like, don't open the song.
So.
So here we go.
Yeah.
Life.
Can all we can all hear this, right?
Yes.
What's the name of this song again?
Rice burn.
Okay.
Long and true.
Of course.
They know when to start.
From this karaoke track.
This is the pan.
Pour some soy and burn it tan.
Feel the pot heat and tan.
Grab cans of rice for the pan.
Can's of course.
For this is a pan.
What song is this?
I've scalded soy and brought some sand.
Got it.
So we see that I grow.
My glance.
Awesome.
Starting to pour rice from cans.
Oh god.
And let the rice burn.
And then charge.
Tommy so well.
Sure.
Oh god, let the sand scald.
Oh when it seers.
The sand scald.
Oh god.
When it seers.
The sand scald.
Now.
The paint of.
A thick.
Oh, hey, sick moat.
Yeah, so I guess any notes feed back, otherwise.
It's a hard song to throw.
It's a really hard song.
You didn't like that.
I didn't like that.
I didn't think it's a doubt.
I don't know the words to regular skyfall.
So yeah, no, you honestly killed that.
I do very, very good.
Yeah, I didn't even know that.
The song, the melody, how do you know that stuff?
I kind of just guessed and I'm looking at the,
I had to look at the karaoke track text and match it
to his lyrics.
It's really like that for real time.
Yeah, we should.
I'm worried that participates in the cultural
conversation, though.
She knows the songs.
Yeah, I saw Skyfall in the Navy pier.
I'm Max theater.
Okay, we can move on to the feedback section.
Yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure.
I think can, can't rise as a funny concept.
I think saying pan six or seven times in the opening.
Versus is lazy.
I couldn't.
I can read the lyrics one more time since I did laughter
and half of them.
It's this is the pan, pour some soy and burn it tan.
Feel the pot heat and Dan.
What's in Dan?
Like, and then?
Yeah, I think that's Jeff Slash or mirror colloquialism.
Okay, and Dan.
Sorry about that.
Yeah, right?
No.
Hi.
Pretty, yes.
Grab cans of rice for the pan.
For this is the pan, for sorry, for this is a pan.
I've scalded soy and brought some sand.
So Racy, that I grow my glands and if I can add a note,
awful air, terrible, terrible.
So about start, starting to pour rice from cans,
let the rice burn when it chars brown.
Tummy's will turn, that's in scorched rice down.
Let the sand scald when it sears thus wash it all down
with a pint of a thick malt, a thick malt.
Oh, what in sears thus?
What was the word before is thus?
Nothing that rhymes with thus.
I'll say that one.
When Jeff writes a song, he's looking at a list of the same 10 words.
Yes.
Yeah, he has like fridge magnets with these words on it.
And that's the right thing.
It's rice sand, scald, burn, that's not new.
Yeah.
The thing is always that burnt sand in case like rice,
which is not true.
Or burnt rice is the consistency of sand, also not true.
And also, you can add soy and sometimes hoist and sauce.
Yeah.
We're really, we understand the limits of his cooking experience.
Also, while I pay him so much, he mentions pot once.
I will say most people cook rice in a pot.
That's very true.
Does he meant like pot?
I think he writes pot at all.
He doesn't mention pot at all, actually.
Well, there you go.
Pot rhymes with hot, which would be helpful.
I kind of want to see if I can find a better key to sing this in,
because I would like to be on the album in theory.
But I could also just play, I could also play Jeff's version,
which he did say you have to attempt singing it.
But if that works out poor, plays this version.
So you can listen.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's done.
I will say that this is on, he uploaded it to SoundCloud.
Tagged, genuinely good song.
And yesterday, when I looked at this five minutes later,
someone reposted it on SoundCloud.
So he didn't make it private or anything.
This is nice that he's like, here with us.
Yeah.
This is the pan.
Oh, the reverb.
Pour some soy and burn a tan.
You're like, I'm at Jeff's funeral.
Oh, he didn't dance.
Oh, great.
I'm out of choice, I made it for the pan.
For this is a pan.
And most of just imagining him singing also like his Kentucky.
I was just about, I was like, I think I didn't even feel like in his hotel room,
and he didn't visit neighbors.
So you could nail it.
Oh, I love this.
Starting to pour, rise from cans.
Let the rice burn when it chars brown.
And for your time, he says, Charles.
Turns, forcing scorched,
the cadence of that.
Really good.
It's clumsy.
Oh, she has it all down.
Doesn't have enough Wi-Fi to upload the headgum podcast.
I can upload this.
Yeah.
Makes sense.
I think you are delivery of the end was better.
Thank you.
Oh, my god.
When I just started speaking it,
because it's a little more definitive.
Yeah.
Wow, thank you.
That's really kind.
I like your version better than Jeff's.
Yeah.
Hands down.
For the 100%.
Don't even need a second take.
Huge.
You have the drum.
Thank you.
I need to go.
Just let me leave.
I really don't need it.
I don't take it at all.
I feel like we're making great time.
That was so much fun.
I thought it was the end.
This is the final segment.
It says Trump CNN Town Hall from four weeks ago.
Let's answer the same exact questions he was asked.
No.
So I've pulled up this document, I guess.
And even Trump did a town hall on CNN.
I don't either.
I honestly don't know what the questions are because while these are
clipped out into segments, the headlines aren't really questions,
but would Trump apologize to Mike Pence.
This was a town hall question.
Yeah.
For this guy.
He's as if he feels is running for president again.
They open it up with with you apologize for Mike Pence.
When asked to be sorry to the vice president.
You tried to kill.
Yeah.
He's hard hitting the interview, huh?
Mm-hmm.
I guess.
Wait.
Should we answer?
I guess that's the point of this.
I don't know if it's for Trump or just for yourself.
Would I apologize to Mike Pence?
Sure.
No.
We didn't do anything wrong.
Grants.
I would apologize.
I wouldn't apologize for it.
Hell yeah.
Is that the one who calls his wife mother?
Yeah.
I would apologize to Mike Pence.
He's a blunt cake.
He's an absolute blunt cake.
We're all thinking it.
Sure.
blunt cake.
I don't know what that was.
Did not expect it to be this.
Uh, it would be something like that in the town hall.
After every question.
On the famous, on the infamous Axis Hollywood tape, um,
Trump asked if he stands by comments from the Axis Hollywood tape.
Wow.
I want to know what Trump said.
Uh, apparently he responded.
I can take it back if you'd like to.
That's honestly funny.
Or than anything we could have said.
I was on a flight with Billy Bush recently to Boston.
Wow.
Yeah.
I tried to give him a hug talk.
That was like.
It's Billy Bush.
I should have lost him.
Oh.
Let's try him.
Oh my god.
Um, anyways.
Yeah.
He didn't really pick up on my.
Kind of my messages that I was trying to send.
I wanted to down the plane with him on it.
But.
Oh, you can't say that.
Nice.
United flight 93 style.
Um, storm the car.
Do you want Billy Bush?
Russia.
Are you crazy to win the war?
Okay.
What did he say?
This is more interesting to me.
I don't know.
A lot of people fight in the war.
The Russia Ukraine war in one day 24 hours.
What is that?
Wait.
What is it again?
He'd settle the Russia Ukraine war in one day 24 hours.
Again, so much funnier than anything we could have said.
He's good.
He's good at being him.
Yeah.
So funny.
That would.
That would rock if he did that.
Yeah.
I don't know if like a.
None of these.
None of these are questions.
Um.
I'm having fun.
I guess that was maybe the last question that he was asked.
They asked him to.
Two questions.
Maybe three.
Apparently.
I guess so.
He talked to all of these in one plan.
Yeah.
Well, it didn't sound like it sounds like one of the apology wasn't an apology.
Sorry.
It was like too late.
I'll take it back.
If you want.
If that's what you want.
I'll take it back.
Anyway, I like this plan for Russia.
Guess what this sound he was called.
Bad news.
Nope.
Case closed dash detective.
Pretty good.
I was assuming it was going to be like a case close like we wrapped up the segment.
No.
Yeah.
That should be the case.
You should have a podcast.
Case closed.
Oh.
It's fun.
Yeah.
And that's your theme.
Well, like another show that we got in the works.
Oh.
Bleep.
Great.
Bleep that out.
We can't have anybody know about that.
I thought this was going to be.
You must not know about me.
Like it was actually me singing, but now it's just the track.
I was going to say you must not know about that.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Great.
Guys.
I think we did it.
Do you know more notes?
It just says out.
We for five minutes.
We've read books.
Jeff obsolete slash irrelevant.
Yeah.
I think you heard a lot today.
Can we let's talk about that?
How do we feel like?
Debrief.
Yeah.
Do we need him in future episodes or no?
Well, we need somebody to make the outline.
But I assume, again, chat GPT can.
Yeah.
We could tell some of that out.
We don't need him to like write the songs.
I guess.
Again, the algorithm could probably.
Yeah.
We kind of have.
We have the favor words.
Right.
We have the words.
That's true.
We have the 10 words.
You must not know about race.
You must not know about char.
I can burn another race in a minute.
Matter of fact, sand will burn in an hour baby.
Yeah.
Do I did he write that to you?
That's really good.
Someone better than any side.
I'm so far.
Sand will burn in an hour.
That's right.
Plugs.
Follow me on Instagram.
Yeah.
I'll add a mirror.
I'll drop in some really hot reels this month.
Up.
Go.
I'll pass on it.
Yeah.
Follow me on.
Twitter, Instagram, and Letterbugs.
At Marie Gailon.
And if you think that I could host the show instead of Jeff.
Comment on Jeff's posts on Instagram.
His last grid posts and say so.
Maybe slide into his DM is just generally sort of take over his account with slander.
I don't like Beyonce fans do where they all do like the beat.
Oh, the beat.
Yeah, I would love.
I'd love an emoji.
What's your emoji?
I think my emoji.
I guess it can't be like a face.
I would have to be.
Is there a saxophone?
I would be good.
But that feels a Jeff.
Well, I feel like sax was like sax was a thing in our old episodes.
That we kind of did away with.
That feels pro Jeff and you want one that's pro Marika.
Right.
The Marika plays the sax.
It's true.
I agree.
I think it.
I think it's too Jeff forward.
Okay.
Then go with the American flag.
No.
I don't want to be attributed to that.
Maybe like that scary moon face.
Is that fun?
Which one scary?
I don't think any of them are scary to me.
Is it the one that's like this?
It looks like.
Yeah.
Actually.
Thank you, scary.
Actually, I will comment the poodle on all of Jeff's posts.
For on, yeah.
I do that.
I want to be the pizza emoji.
That's good.
It's not feel fair.
Yeah.
Great.
So comment the pizza emoji.
If you think I should take over the show and then follow me on all on my socials.
Listen to the pit wall.
Which Jeff is not dating to show up for a week.
So it's kind of just me in case you're running the joint.
Yeah.
Piles there sometimes.
It's true.
I want to come on.
So that I can justify buying a F1 jacket.
Okay.
Can I have a gossip section?
Yeah.
You can also come on for not a race.
You can come on for like a movie.
Sure.
We haven't had any guests yet.
Great.
So I'm going to expense.
The F1.
Oh, so you're buying.
Got it.
Yeah.
I've experienced every bit of simmering equipment that I've purchased over the course.
So I can expense.
And every time I go to go to cart track.
That's awesome.
Zero.
Is expensive.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's C.C.
What's it on this conversation?
Yeah.
That's a good idea.
I guess.
Yeah.
K.C.
We can offline about expensing some tickets to the Canadian GP.
Okay.
Let's go back to Austin.
I didn't get to go.
Take me.
Yeah.
Listen to the pit wall.
Mm-hmm.
Follow me.
On Instagram.
That K.C. don't you.
Follow me.
You.
I love.
Some rice.
This rice.
I have.
I.
And listen to the doughboys.
Listen to Hollywood handbook.
For a couple of shows.
Factually.
Do you work?
So show.
Yeah.
Technically.
Also.
More than a supervisor rolled up.
Yeah.
Um.
You can follow me on Instagram.
You'd like.
I don't post.
But feel free.
Um.
I recently found out Ali asks for lunch money on these.
Yeah.
Feel free to VEDMOMI on your own.
Always share.
And I'll.
VEDMOMI on you with the people emoji.
Yeah.
For some lunch.
On your phone.
So expensive.
There's nothing good.
And I yesterday had a $25 meal from Aeroon that sucked ass.
So.
Mm-hmm.
And I went with Marty and I thought he was going to pay for me.
But he didn't.
So.
Um.
I'm now negative 25.
That I wasn't planning on.
Yeah.
Let's get.
Let's get the $25 meal.
Yeah.
Um.
My last thing's really long.
But it's.
It's.
So kind of sky.
Also.
Um.
Listen to geotic.
Uh.
When is podcast.
That just launched on have gum.
And.
Uh.
Listen to my radio shows on wgxc.org.
In the Hudson in New York.
I mean, live tonight.
Uh.
But you're not.
At the love line.
You can call eight five seven dial love.
You can DM me at the love.
Motel the dot love motel.
Or you can submit anonymously at the love motel radio dot com.
We take advice.
Uh.
Questions.
We take song dedications.
Casey, if you wanted to write it in about your dating life,
I would love to talk to you about it on the air.
Okay.
It's not a lot to say about sure.
That was easy.
Uh.
That was a hit gum original.